Add initial draft for offsite Tenerife 2023 (#181)
xataio/mdx-blog: offsite-tenerife-2023.mdx

---
title: 'The Club Xata experience - connecting, collaborating, creating'
description: "Enjoying sunny days and starry nights. A look at Xata's Fall 2023 offsite, a time for work and plenty of fun."
image:
  src: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xataio/mdx-blog/main/images/offsite-tenerife-2023.png
  alt: Tenerife offsite
author: Lea Artemov
date: 12-19-2023
tags: ['company', 'culture']
published: true
slug: offsite-tenerife-2023
ogImage: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xataio/mdx-blog/main/images/offsite-tenerife-2023.png
---

> **Picture this:** a dynamic team of 27 talented individuals, scattered across various corners of the globe, dedicatedly working on crafting a serverless Postgres database system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Picture this:** a dynamic team of 27 talented individuals, scattered across various corners of the globe, dedicatedly working on crafting a serverless Postgres database platform.
```

![Socializing and fine food](/images/tenerife-2023/tene-thursday-2023.jpeg)

## Friday

Friday arrived much faster than expected, a common feeling at these events. Suddenly, it was time to say goodbye: to the sunny landscapes of Tenerife, to new friends and old colleagues, and to the memorable experiences we shared. As we left for our respective homes across the world, we carried with us a new bond as a team, a rejuvenated enthusiasm for Xata's future, and an album full of unforgettable memories.

![Until next time](/images/tenerife-2023/tene-bye-2023.jpeg)

## Lasting impressions

Our Tenerife offsite served as a testament to in-person connection, but also to cultivating a team that "just gels". From face-to-face work sessions to fun activities, each moment created a deeper sense of unity and purpose for our Xata vision.

Every time we get together as Club Xata, we get refreshed as a team and are able to collaborate even better than before. As one of our team members put it "An offsite turns a profile picture into a real person and transforms Slack channels into true teamwork and friendship."

All that said, we cannot wait for #club-xata-2024!

> With a mission to revolutionize serverless database systems and with many captivating challenges in our realm, from backend innovations to user experience enhancements, we invite fellow enthusiasts to join our journey. Whether you wish to be a part of our team or engage with us on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/kvAcQKh7vm), we look forward to your contribution to our Xata family!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are on a mission to [radically simplify the way developers work with data](https://xata.io/about). With many captivating challenges in our realm, from backend innovations to user experience enhancements, we invite fellow enthusiasts to join our journey. Whether you wish to be a part of our team or engage with us on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/kvAcQKh7vm), we look forward to your contribution to our Xata family!
```

Matching the mission and linking to our about page.
